Ahhhhhhh
ah
Um
Uh-huh
go to hell
Shameless
Get out of here, mom
yeah
Zhao Liyun
What?
Break it open for us
Don't leave a single hole in the tiger's mouth, right?
sorry
I'm late
I'm sorry
If I hadn't gone to the mine and been arrested,
You got away long ago
Is this right?
This is the evidence I've been looking for
It's you who have been helping me
cooperative therapy
he is serious
Are you OK
I once promised you
we want to stay together
Soon a lifetime or a day
Even if it's just a few hours
did not expect
Now it can't be fulfilled
Woods Road
Get them all for me
Don't stop him
kill my brother
I want to marry you today. Spare your life.
Are you okay?
Goodes is here
Take it easy
Otherwise, shoot without mercy
Get hurt
if i die
Even if you know the location of the mine
without me as witness
You still can't win Ninghou
You thought it helped your wish
He can help you achieve your great goals
Stop dreaming
You are just a little wife
Anyone without four orders
Still working for him
How long has it been and I’m still obsessed with it?
What do you know
I have also
Ten years of cold window
I once embraced Buddha in my heart
I also wanted to have a fist fight in the court hall
But what about the result?
involved in partisanship
Slandered
Like a bereaved dog left in the wilderness
If the Marquis hadn't come to his aid,
I am already a body in the wilderness now
Bone Wolf
so
Even Hou will turn this whole world upside down
I will definitely do it too
go all out
no matter what
Stop kidding yourself
From the time Mr. Lin started to capture Boss Cao,
He already knew
Mining is just exposure
To destroy the human staff
The beauty of your waking up
Cleaning up the portal has already started
you
All must die
impossible
possible
Mr. Hou and I
It's a life-long acquaintance
I know all his plans
He will not give up Jin Yangxin easily
won't give up on me easily
Liu Fugui’s facts are a warning
He just
I want to remove your hand from me
Understand what I mean
you are next
you
Desperate
No
i will die
Mr. Hou will not treat me like this
He will definitely keep me loyal
Don't talk nonsense
Wu Shaolin
you are in darkness
Although the world in your eyes is also dark
but
you have lost
walk
make
sure
The wind blows and blows through the strong wind
Is there anyone?
I want I want
A few more trips
I would rather Hou Chao Chao Gang
Form a party and rebel
Ye has been thrown into the sky prison by Qin
However, the fishing party still exists
unforgivable sin
Kill with all your strength
Jinyang County Magistrate is vacant
I personally appoint nosy matters
Soon the blade will be used
I have many people here
Jinyang County is raging due to rebellion against the party
causing the people to suffer
Minru Town
I am very informed
Now we are exempt from taxes in Jinyang County for three years.
Return grain fields to the people
Build water conservancy
Revitalize farming
Go to the prosperity of Jingyang
Keep the people safe and happy
A piece of white separation
Hey, your family is back too
Why don't you come back early?
This is bleeding
It's better to live at home
After you finish cleaning up, why don’t you go to my house to eat Bole?
Hey, daddy, come and make peace with me
right
Order it up
None of this golden nest is as good as my own doghouse
It's better to go home
Oh no
I used to curse people and said
When I get rich in the future, I will go to the town to get a house.
If you ask me, our old home is pretty good.
Although dull
But my heart is always at peace
yes
Yo three younger brothers and sisters
Second brother and second sister-in-law
This is back
It's the elbow made by Mai Restaurant today.
This is closed
We were afraid that it would be a pity, so we brought him back.
Let’s eat together in a while
Hey, we just got back and we still have some work to do.
It will pass in a while
You said it would be nice if nephew Shen Nuo was here
You can leave all these jobs to him.
It's better to pull him down than to be a 13-year-old nephew.
I'm scrambling to do any job.
thanks, thanks
The third child
When can Shen Nuo and the others come back?
Hey hey
Not to mention, I really miss them.
Thanks to Shen Nuo, the entire camp was saved.
Only then can we move back safely
Oh, you said you have never seen such a battle when you were so old?
Haha, I didn’t expect him to be a court official.
Big brother, I have to do it when he sees me
Yes, yes, come on, chase the elbow
Ha ha
After a while, my sister is done with her work and I will come to your room. Hey, OK.
thank you
mom
Has Shen Nuo sent you a message?
No
Count the days and come back soon
I don’t know if he and 13 have recovered from their injuries.
Have you taken your medicine on time?
How are things going?
You tell me this 800 times a day
You forgot where I am now
Aren't I worried?
It would be bad if the root of the disease is left behind.
You said they have been gone for so long
Why don't you want to come back?
13. I don’t want to stay in Beijing.
Marry a 456-room house and never come back, right?
If he said he would come back, he would definitely come back.
don’t worry
I kiss you
I'll pack it up and go back to rest. Call me if you need anything.
Um
Dad, don’t go now
Oh, don't worry about it. Oh, daddy.
father
It's okay. Your second aunt will give you some elbows.
Go and eat
Let's go, mother
What's going on
Why
Ever since your aunt came here
He and your uncle have no opposite sex.
I don’t know where he went.
Your grandfather goes out looking for people every day
Your father advised you not to go looking for him
He went without listening
Why
daughter
what happened
Didn't sleep so late
I don't want to have sex with your father
It's like he's possessed
If you don't have a home in the cold weather, you'll know how to find the boss.
What's going on? Give it to me this late at night.
Why are you here in such a hurry?
That's not it
The person who joined forces is his son, aren't you two?
I want to show
Being harmed like that by that boss
It's like sticking a needle into my heart
ah
Your father is good
I have to get the person back
In fact, I can’t show off myself
You can show off whatever I made.
grandmother
You have been with grandpa for so many years
Don’t know him yet
If I can't find my uncle
He definitely won't give up
What if something happens to the uncle?
He must feel guilty for the rest of his life
Could it be
You two are going to be at odds with each other for the rest of your life.
Moreover
I think it’s not just grandpa who wants to find his uncle at home.
My second uncle, my father, is a member of a large family.
Talking about opportunities
In fact, I miss my uncle in my heart.
It was this big brother who ended up in this situation
He must have suffered a lot
Um
It’s almost the New Year now
The uncle's family is still outside
What do you think the family members can do in their hearts?
I don't care if you look for him
But who will bully me again?
If Xiu and Xiu can't get along, it won't work.
look
It's okay dad
grandmother
It’s just that I’m still holding back my energy.
In fact, he is also very worried about his uncle
That being said
Oops, no one can persuade you now
or
Let's go out and look for it tomorrow.
At least know the situation of uncle's family first
OK
Listen to you
Oh, I'm confused
Mom is confused
Oops
What's wrong with you?
Still angry with dad?
Ah, are you hungry?
Eat, eat quickly
Why
daughter
Actually I thought about it for a long time
If I hadn't been attracted by Liu Fugui
Big brother won’t suffer like this either
The eldest brother was forced into desperation by Liu Fugui
If I hadn't married
He is probably not going to die.
In fact, I have already thought about it
What kind of empress is destined to be rich and noble?
It's all a lie to oneself
Count it to the end
Still suffered the crime that I least wanted to suffer
I no longer blame my elder brother in my heart.
Mom, don’t complain
But you have suffered so much
Mom can’t get over this hurdle in her heart.
I know you feel sorry for your brother
Feel sorry for me too
It's just that both sides are in a dilemma over this matter.
Now my eldest brother is also driven crazy
Mom and Dad must feel uncomfortable
If the eldest brother, father and mother can’t untie their hearts,
Then my whole life
That's why I can't live a peaceful life
Mother
I hope we can all start over
Let this be bygones be bygones
ah
Bring this pancake to your father quickly.
Madam, have you seen that person?
What, have you seen this person?
This is not the joint housing department. He used to live here.
Not seen recently
How is the craftsmanship?
Did you find it?
Not found, not found
What are you doing? Don't look for it.
Oh My God
Official
Have you ever been here before?
How many times have you been here?
No, no, do you know where he went?
Oops, I don’t know. Hurry up. Hurry up.
Have you seen this person? This one?
Never seen it before, no, it's okay
have you seen this person
Have you ever seen this person?
Well you haven't seen it
give it to me
Sister-in-law, why are you here?
I didn’t want to find my elder brother.
But you are too stupid
I haven't found it after searching for so long.
I just couldn't stand it anymore, so I decided to help you.
Then it's up to you
So ugly
Go find Brother Ugly
Hey, Master, have you seen this person?
no apology
Brother, have you seen this person?
Why don't you take a rest earlier, dad?
It's almost dawn
Well, you go and have a rest. I'll paint a few more pictures.
I'll be with you
Have you seen this person?
Ah, never seen it
Thank you very much. Have you met this person?
Never seen this
Thank you, Sister Yan. How about it?
I didn’t go and take a look, okay okay?
Searched all over this town
Where did the uncle go?
Let's look for it tomorrow
I'll go to another town tomorrow and ask.
This is 13
yeah
let me see
Why did you come back?
I thought you weren't coming back. Why did you come back?
Idiot, stop crying
Mal girl
Where is Shen Nuo?
13 In these days when you are not around
We and the people in the village have all moved back
And our family decided to get my uncle back
I just went to town with Ma Er to find my uncle.
Yan'er
I have a few words to say to Ma
Okay, then shall I wait for you at home?
Mal Gui ah
The husband is troubled by the public
So it’s forgetfulness
May not be able to come back
The promised date
ah
After the death of Yu Anhou
Chaos in the DPRK
Lang Jun, when the zombies haven’t recovered yet
Just start becoming a member of the party
He really can't get away
Don't misunderstand me, I know
I understand
Ah yes
This is what he asked me to forward to you.
This madman
It's for ghosts
Then did he tell you?
When exactly will he come back?
Go find Sister Yan quickly
When you were away, he talked to me about you every day
Miss you
Then how about you, um, and I go for a walk alone?
Okay, then I'll go back first
Mal
A word is separated by several years
The two places are mysterious
Very concerned
Today I am in the countryside
Look up and see the stars
Enjoy this view alone
Frequent sweating
The horse came down from the court just now
Rice fields are everywhere
I miss you sweetly
Whip-Smash Pony
Minghuan Benxiao
See you someday
I will control your hand
to wait for my wishes
Everyone is tolerant
It should be me
originally thought
See you again
I have to go now
Have you seen this person before?
Have you seen this person?
Chasing the past is empty
talk
worry
chasing after
strands of hair
Third shift dentist
Seating on both sides
The madman hit someone
A madman is beating someone. A madman is beating someone.
Go, go, go, go, go
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go
Let's go to the folk holy place to go to the snow.
Where have you been? Where have you been?
Looking for you
who are you
I don’t recognize you anymore
I am the Great Master Qingtian
imperial official
I want to see the mountain, I have a problem that I want to beat
Sir, let’s go home today
When you get home, your whole family will come looking for you.
Let's go back, let's go back
elder
Where do you think this boss has gone?
Then the whole town was searched
If there is no letter at all
I'm going down to talk to you.
Then the guests are gone. What are you doing here?
Hey, I did the math.
If only I could give it to the restaurant again this month
How many heads should I pull?
Plus what we saved before
Find some space for me
You thought about it
Think about it
Oh, you said you haven't given Ye'er anything after all these years.
Who can really take over that shop?
Ye'er, be a good-looking person
It would be worse to do something else
Just pretend it's good
Wait until that Bodhisattva is really enlightened.
I'm going to do some chores for our daughter.
This side of Nawan
Just stay here by yourself
Wife ah ah ah ha ha ha ha
Hey, what are you doing? Mom has been gone all morning.
Not a single letter is okay
Then take a break quickly.
I'll go with your second uncle in the afternoon.
Go up, go up, go up
Stop running
Who is it?
Who is this?
Hey, is this clearly dad’s voice?
Yes I heard it too
Go up, go up, go up
It's high tide. It's high tide.
Hello everyone, brother
Hey, a little bit
Where can I find Brother Yamen? Don’t be nagging and chase me.
pursue craftsmanship
Ah, chase, yes
What are you yelling about?
saint
ah
The sound is not working anymore. It is not working anymore.
Almost out of breath
Caught up immediately
The eldest brother is so capable of running that he left first after a while.
Come and go
Walk
Go doctor doctor
Big sister, big sister
Big brother, big brother, you are quite healthy
You can also feel at ease
Then forget it, okay?
big brother big brother
Where has he gone?
Uncle
Uncle, can we stop running away?
Going to court
Go up, go up, go back, go up, go up
Uncle, do you live here?
Why does eldest brother live here in Shengtang?
Flower, your father is coming back
sister-in-law
Why are you here?
ah
Dad happened to meet my eldest brother at the Yamen Gate today.
We'll chase you all the way
otherwise
I didn’t know you were leading such a life
oops
It's freezing cold today
How do you survive the winter?
sister-in-law
Why do you live here?
Hai Long's eldest brother helps Wu Zhonglian do things
Although people are dead
Guilt is still inevitable
The Song family’s mansion and property
They were also confiscated by the government.
How many people have received the front
Fortunately, the Song family’s mistress said so
Hai Long is not his biological son
I'm not like his big brother
Did all those outrageous things
Only then did the government leave the sea dragon as a creature.
Look at your elder brother
He's crazy
Naturally, I lost my official position.
We don't have any money
you say
where can we go
Now I can have this thin porridge to drink
Are you lucky?
All aunties are like this
Why don't you tell your family?
My mother asked you to help take care of her before.
when my dad
No one came to help
I'm back
Don't
Slow sister, second uncle and second aunt
Why are you here?
Don’t buy the borrowed medicine again.
Too much money
It doesn't matter
The doctor says it's possible to cure it, so let's cure it
We didn't know you would come
There is nothing to entertain at home.
Sorry everyone
Hey, go, go, go, hey Bozi
What's the situation at your house?
Your mother-in-law just said it
What are your plans from now on?
I want to find a job
But now the people in the town
Everyone is afraid that I am from the Song family
No one dares to use me
But it's okay
I'm sure they'll forget about it soon.
By the time
I can make money to support my family
work
You can do it
What's wrong with this
For the flower daddy
I have to do it too, right?
go home
As long as I have something to eat
I can’t make you hungry
No
We are doing well now
It's not too early
You guys should go back early and rest.
flower
Brother-in-law, let me have a few words with Sister Hua.
on
got a room
wine that becomes spring rain